Hey everybody.
Welcome back to Boost Your Income
with Bootstrap To WordPress.
This lecture is called Code The,
Who Should Take This Course, section.
Check it out.
[MUSIC]
Okay, so
this section's gonna be quick and dirty.
It really is the same as the last section.
And we're gonna do a lot of copy and
pasting.
So jump in your code editor.
And scroll to the Who Benefits section.
That's what we're calling it,
Who Benefits.
It's shorter, easier to understand,
instead of a whole ID in section called,
Who Should Take This Course,
wth dashes and stuff.
So let's just call it who-benefits.
Makes sense, same deal, who-benefits.
Alright.
Inside our section, you guessed it,
div class container.
You'll get the hang of it here.
And we're gonna start off
with our section header.
Boom, close that up, section header.
And inside our section
header we have our image.
Assetes/img/icon-pad.png.
Alt will be pad and pencil,
or paper and pencil.
I called it pad,
cuz I want it to sound interesting.
Who should take this course?
Well, who should take this course?
Under a section header,
we need to add a div with a class of row,
cuz here we are actually gonna
do something interesting.
I'll show you.
Let me show you the final site.
If you look here, something is
interesting about this specific layout.
The container seems to be not
as wide as it usually is.
It is usually that wide.
You could see there's
a big difference here.
So why is this content not as wide,
and takes up less space,
and has more white space on the left and
right sides of the container?
Well, the container actually
still is this wide.
However, we're using
the Bootsrap columns to add some
white space to the left and the right.
So, this section is only,
I believe, eight columns.
That's correct.
[SOUND] So this section is
actually only eight columns.
And we're giving just two columns of
offset right here, to bump it over,
giving it a more thin look, so
the copy doesn't span the full width.
So I'll show you how to do that.
Right here, inside of our row,
let's add a div with
a class of col-sm-8, and col-sm-offset-2.
Offset will offset that eight column grid
by two on the left side,
giving us that layout.
Now all we need to do in
here is just copy and paste.
And in that copy deck I provided in the
course files folder under Miscellaneous,
you should be able to add
all of this copy without
spending a whole bunch of time typing.
So basically, the layout is just h3,
and paragraph tags.
So, go ahead and add the content for
each of those sections.
Some of them actually have strong tags.
Feel free to use a little bit of
creative licensed to lay it out and
view some basic formatting like strong
tags, emphasis, so on and so forth.
Like I said, this course isn't so
much about copy-writing, it is more
about learning Bootstrap so we can learn
how to turn that into a WordPress theme,
so we can start making some extra money.
So go ahead, copy and
paste and let's keep moving.
I am gonna go ahead and just paste it all.
Boom, there's all of
the content right there.
Just gonna tab it in just a touch here.
Here we go, we're good.
Now I will save that and
make sure it is all there.
Check it out on our final site here,
our own site.
Okay, so we're almost there.
The content is there and we got our text,
but the graphic isn't right,
so what's the deal there?
Did I do a typo?
Icon-pad, well assets.
I put assetes.
That's not right.
There we go, assets.
That'll do it.
Now the only other thing is the background
of this section should be white.
All we need to do is
jump over into our CSS.
And under our opt in,
make sure this is in our layout section.
Just a style who benefits,
the ID of who benefits.
Background white.
Check it out.
There it is and that's it.
That's the who should take this course or
who benefits section.
Awesome.
So, hang on tight.
Hang in there,
because in the next section we're gonna
code the Course Features section.
See you there my friends.
Boom.
[MUSIC]